## Version 1.0 Beta 2.2 2022-02-07

### New functions or features
- GUI is now adjusted to work with iPad and iPhone in landscape mode

### Updated functions
- Search user page - I have replaced samaccount name with display name on the "Information about" row
- Search user page - Show what objects user is manger of - Now you can add user as manger to a group directly from that page and bulk delete with select

### Bug fixes
- Translated text from Swedish to English that I did miss to do before
- Added log to Compare-ADUserGroupsBtn
- When creating user error message did appear that stated that CreatedUser source was missing, added that to the installEventLog.ps1

### Fixes
- Changed -Content to -Child on all UDGrids
- Typos

### Other

### Important
We have updated the InstallEventLog.ps1 script with new sources.

## Version 1.0 Beta 2.1 2022-02-05
### New functions
- Installation script that is creating needed groups and returning the SID of Franky.Access it also installing needed modules, opening port 443 and 80 to PowerShellUniversal program and creating self signed ssl cert.

### Updated functions
- Added Domain Local to create new group

### Bug fixes
- New AD User when UPN prefix was null it was giving error, it do now skip that line instead.
- New AD User past autogenerated password to the text boxes are now working.
- Create group is now working if the manager are empty
- When showing groups for users and computers it was timing CN= but as some people do have OU= instead it did replay that the user was not a member of any groups. This is fixed now.
### Fixes
- When creating new group Global and Security are now selected as default as in the Active Directory.

### Other
Recommended version of PowerShell Universal is 2.7.4 due to security issues with the older versions.

### Important
As default Franky will run with Powershell 7.2 as Microsoft.Graph module are working best with PowerShell 7.2. You can still Use PowerShell 5.1 but then you need to do changes in environments.ps1. 
  
We have updated the installation instructions now also as we have made the installation easier for the end user.

## Version 1.0 Beta 2 2022-02-04

### New functions
- Generate report over disabled computer objects
- Generate report over locked out users
- Generate report over Users password has expired
- Generate report over disabled users
- Generate report over empty groups
- Generate report over AccountExpired
- Generate report over empty groups
- Bulk add users/groups/computers to group

### Updated functions
- Added CSV as a export option

### Bug fixes
- Fixed typos
- Fixed so generated password will autofill in the password fields

### Other
I have done it easier to upgrade Franky now.  
What I have done is that I have moved many of the variables that are static to the variables.ps1 file instead of the dashboard.ps1.  
I have also made a upgrade manual, you can find it under Docs/Instructions here in the repo or at this link:  
<https://www.keepcodeopen.com/how-to-upgrade-franky/>

### Important
We have done updates in variables.ps1, environments.ps1, publishedFolders.ps1 and dashboards.ps1 in the .universal folder.  
Also we have done modifications in the dashboard.ps1 under the Dashboards folder.  
Make sure that you take a look at the changes and add it to your own configuration.